Hi Old Scona!
I'm Ainslee Fernandez and I'm here to tell you
why I believe Alexander Cai is the best
candidate for Communications Officer.
Aside from his hard work, dedication and
trustworthiness, he's also one of the most
experienced people I've known in regards to
technology. His campaign strives to create an easy
to access, reliable, and fun to use website that
can deliver us all the news from Students Union
and from OSA in general.
Alex is very up to date with the best technology
to use and knows his way around this particular
field quite well.
I've seen him do all sorts of things, from creating
blogs to designing
entire applications on his computer!
Other than his advantage of being well versed in
the tech department, he's truly one of the most
determined leaders I know.
He has many plans for the future that will
certainly be beneficial to us all,
and he is very passionate and making the school a
better place. I've gotten to know him quite well
over the school year, and I can say that without a
doubt,
he is one of the few people that I trust
completely. He's always open to listen to people
who need it, and either comforts these people in the best
way he can, or offers them helpful advice, which
makes him a kind and trustworthy person.
I'll end this by saying that there are only very
few people who have both the resources to make
our school an even greater place than before,
and the determination to push for improvement; but
I can assure you that he is one of those people.